There's more sugar (#537)
ponylang/pony-tutorial: docs/expressions/sugar.md

```

__Does it matter where `value` appears in my parameter list?__ Whilst it doesn't strictly matter it is good practice to put `value` as the last parameter. That way all of the others can be specified by position.

> ## See also
> * [Lambdas](https://tutorial.ponylang.io/expressions/object-literals#lambdas) (_Shortcut for an object with an `apply()` method_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also

* [Lambdas](https://tutorial.ponylang.io/expressions/object-literals#lambdas) (_Shortcut for an object with an `apply()` method_)
```

```

__Does it matter where `value` appears in my parameter list?__ Whilst it doesn't strictly matter it is good practice to put `value` as the last parameter. That way all of the others can be specified by position.

## See also

> * [Lambdas](/expressions/object-literals.md#lambdas) (_Shortcut for an object with an `apply()` method_)
> * [Capability constraints](/generics/generic-constraints.md) (_Shortcut for [reference capability](/reference-capabilities/index.md) combinations_)
> * [Default reference capabilities](/generics/generics-and-reference-capabilities.md) (_Shortcut for implicit default values_)

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to use the term "sugar" instead of "shortcut" here, for consistency.

I also think it's important to mark that the latter two sugar kinds are in the context of generic types. Otherwise you may get the wrong idea for what they are about.

```suggestion
* [Lambdas](/expressions/object-literals.md#lambdas) (_Sugar for an object with an `apply()` method_)
* [Capability constraints](/generics/generic-constraints.md) (_Sugar for [reference capability](/reference-capabilities/index.md) combinations in the context of generic types_)
* [Default reference capabilities](/generics/generics-and-reference-capabilities.md) (_Sugar for implicit default values in the context of generic types_)
```

Author: Yep, thanks for the suggestion. I changed it accordingly 👍🏻
